W-14414684 Updating tutorial (#194)
mulesoft/docs-general: modules/ROOT/pages/api-led-deploy.adoc

endif::[]

Now that you've created and tested the Mule app that contains your new API from

> within Studio, you can deploy the API to CloudHub. First, you will create an API proxy,

Reviewer: FWIW, I think you can remove the "wills"/future tense and it still works just fine.

which then enables you to test the API from Exchange. You will then set up a rate-limiting policy to protect your API from a denial-of-service attack.

== Step 5.1: Deploy API to CloudHub

To deploy this API in the form of a Mule app:

. From Studio, in the Mule Design perspective, right-click the `hello-world-app` project in Package Explorer,
and then select *Anypoint Platform > Deploy to CloudHub*.
. If prompted, enter your Anypoint Platform username and password and click *Sign in*.
+
image:deploy1.png[dialog for deploying to CloudHub]
. You must be in your account's sandbox to deploy the API. If you see *Design* instead of *Sandbox*:
  .. Click *Design* to launch the Switch Environment dialog.
  .. Click *Sandbox*, and then click *Switch*.

> . In *Deploying Application*, enter `hello-world-greeting-firstname-lastname` for the app name. Every app and API name must be unique across CloudHub. This example uses `hello-world-greeting-sandy-kim`.

Reviewer: Is "Deploying Application" a field?

Now you need to create an API proxy application for this API, to restrict access and keep the service protected.
You will add a rate-limiting policy, which you can do while the API is running.

== Step 5.2: Create and Deploy an API Proxy Application

You must add your API to API Manager and create an API proxy before you add a rate limit policy to your endpoint.

. Log in to Anypoint Platform.
+
link:https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/login["Take me to Anypoint Platform^", role="button-primary"]

. Click *API Manager*.
. Click *Sandbox* to switch to the sandbox environment.

> . Click *Add API > Add new API*.

Reviewer: For menu paths, use Select. (For buttons, use Click.)

. In the New API page, select *Mule gateway* and select the following values:
  ** For *Proxy type*, select *Deploy a proxy application*.
  ** For *Target type*, select *CloudHub*.

> . For *Proxy app name*, which is the name displayed in Runtime Manager, enter *hello-world-greeting-proxy*, but append your last name or other unique string to ensure the proxy name is unique, and then click *Next*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. For *Proxy app name*, which is the name displayed in Runtime Manager, enter *hello-world-greeting-proxy* and append your last name or another unique string to ensure the proxy name is unique, and then click *Next*.
```

> . Click *Select API from Exchange* if it's not already selected.

Reviewer: Is this a checkbox? Use Enable?

. Leave the following default values and click *Next*.
  ** *Asset type: RAML/OAS*
  ** *API version: v1 (Latest)*
  ** *Asset version: 1.0.0*
. In the *Downstream* page, accept the defaults and click *Next*.
. In the *Upstream page*, enter the upstream URL, and click *Next*.
+
The upstream URL is the *App url* from the deployed app in Runtime Manager. 
. Click *Save & Deploy*.
. After the API instance is deployed, a confirmation message appears with a link to Anypoint Runtime Manager. Click the link to view the details of your API instance

Now that your API is managed in API Manager, you can create a proxy in the next step.

== Step 5.3. Configure the API Proxy

Now you have an implementation URL that you don't want to share with the world, and a proxy URL that is safe to share with the world after you configure it.

To configure the proxy:

. In *Anypoint Manager > API Administration*, click the *hello-world-api* link.
. In *API Summary*, right-click the *Proxy URL* link and copy it. 
. Click the pencil icon to edit the API instance. 

> . In the *Downstream* section, paste in the link you just copied in to *Consumer endpoint*, and then click *Save & Apply*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Downstream* section, paste the link you just copied to *Consumer endpoint*, and then click *Save & Apply*.
```

Now you can test the proxy endpoint from Exchange:

. Select *Actions > View API in Exchange*.

> . Click the Expand icon, then click *Manage versions.* You can see the Mocking Service version and the new proxy you just created in the Sandbox environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the Expand icon, then click *Manage versions*.
+
You can see the Mocking Service version and the new proxy you just created in the Sandbox environment.
```

. Click *Close*.
. Click */greeting* to open, then click *GET*.

> . In *Select server*, expand the menu and select *Sandbox - v1:<version>*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In *Select server*, expand the menu and select *Sandbox - v1:<version>*:
```

+

> image:api-led-select-server-exchange.png[Expanded more menu to show the list of available servers]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image:api-led-select-server-exchange.png[Expanded server menu showing the list of available servers]
```

+
. Click *Send*. The response should be `200 OK` with the greeting `Today the greeting is Hello.`

Finish configuring the proxy:

. Click *Home* to return to the API summary.

> . Click *Shar*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *Share*.
```

Reviewer: Or maybe "Cher"?

> . In the *Share* dialog window, click *Public* and then select the API version to make available on the public Exchange portal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Share* dialog, click *Public* and then select the API version to make available on the public Exchange portal:
```

+
image:api-led-share-api.png[Share window with Public and the version v1 checkbox selected]
+
. Click *Save*.

== Step 5.4: Add a Rate Limit Policy

To add a rate limit policy:

. Return to API Manager.
. In *API Administration*, click the *hello-world-api* link.
. In the navigation, click *Policies*.

> . Click *+ Add policy*.

Reviewer: I think our guidance is to not include punctuation in UI elements (buttons, menus), but maybe that's terminating punctuation. 🤔

Author: No, I think you're right.

. Scroll to the *Quality of service* section, select *Rate limiting* (not *Rate limiting - SLA based*), and click *Next*.
. In the *Configure Rate limiting policy* page, set the rate limit values:
  ** *Number of Requests*: `3`
  ** *Time Period*: `1`
  ** *Time Unit*: *Minute*
. Select *Expose Headers*.
+

> image:api-led-rate-limiting-config.png["Rate limiting Limits configuration with number of requests 3, time period 1, time unit minute, and the Expose Headers checkbox selected"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image:api-led-rate-limiting-config.png["Rate limiting policy configuration page with selected rate limit values"]
```

Reviewer: I took out the details because the screen reader will have just read them.

+
. In the *Advanced options* section, select the latest version.

> . Select  *Method & Resource conditions*: *Apply configurations to all API methods & resources*, and then click *Apply*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Select *Method & Resource conditions*: *Apply configurations to all API methods & resources*, and then click *Apply*.
```

The new policy is displayed on the Policies home page.

Change the API instance label so it reflects the fact that you now have a policy on the proxy:

. In the navigation, click *API Summary*.

> . Click the pencil icon to edit, and change the value in *Instance Label* to `Rate-limiting policy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the pencil icon and change the value for *Instance Label* to `Rate-limiting policy`.
```
